Welcome, in this video, I'm going to update my Readme file
and then close the associated issue in GitHub.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and I'm in the "website" repository that we've been using.
If I go to issues, I see that I have 1 issue. Click on "Issues". And we have an issue,
that is an enhancement, "Add Getting Started section To README".
Well, let's go work on that; I'm going to go back to my main page for the repository,
and find my Readme file. There it is, "README.md". Click on the file,
and for this simple example, I'm going to edit this file directly on GitHub.
Click on the "Edit this file" button, and after the purpose section,
I'm going to create a "Getting Started" section. Alright, so let me preview my change;
ok, that looks good. Scroll down, and I'm going to commit my change:
"Adding Getting Started section to README",
then click on "Commit changes" and now I'm going to return back to issues.
So now, I know I did the changes that are needed for this enhancement.
So I'm going to click on the issue, then write a comment
describing what I did for this particular issue:
"Added **Getting Started** section in README file."
Let's preview it; good, "Getting Started" is bolded, which is great.
I could simply comment, but that would leave the issue open;
let's instead click on "Close and comment".
Even after the issue has been closed, you can still leave additional comments;
however, for now, I'm not going to do that.
Let's go back over to the right-hand menu, click on issues.
The default page for issues shows only open issues, which there are currently none;
however, if I click on the closed status, I see the enhancement that we just closed.
And, I can click on the title and go into that closed issue.
It denotes that it's been closed up here at the very top,
and towards the bottom I see that the last item in history is that I closed this issue.
All we have are the comments and the fact that I closed the issue,
but you don't know which commit was associated with it.
Now, I could go in and copy the commit, and reference it within my comments,
but there is an easier way, which I'll cover next.